hello this past summer in preparation
for a hiking and river rafting trip I
knew it was going to be necessary for me
to stop and clip my toenails so that my
hiking shoes and my River shoes fit
properly now this has always been an
unpleasant task for the past 10 years
about 10 years ago I tripped and in
succession stubbed both toes pretty
badly to the point that both toenails
were cracked all the way down the middle
as well as they turn black in 2005 I was
getting a pedicure and the manicurist
said something to me about them and said
well I think that they're dead the day
before we left on our trip I was in
church that Christian Science church as
I walked through the sunday school I
looked up on the wall and saw statement
i had read many many times from luke and
jesus tells us the kingdom of God is
within you now that particular day I
glanced at it but something told me to
stop I stopped and I read it again and I
cannot tell you the feeling that came
over me I knew the kingdom of God was
within me I felt it in within my entire
body I just stood and stared I knew that
I was being told something I didn't know
what but I knew I had to hang on to that
statement I hung on to it for the rest
of the day it came to me probably every
30 minutes throughout the day the next
day we left on our trip and I kept it
with me as long as well as bringing all
my books along but that statement stayed
with me throughout the whole trip and we
were gone for three weeks when we
returned when I woke up the first
morning after the trip as I rolled out
of bed my toenails were dragging on the
bed sheets and I thought oh I've got to
trim those toenails again I'll do it
right after my shower
so after the shower I bent down with the
Clippers and I looked and I put my foot
up and I was astounded wall toenails
were totally round they had turned pink
the splits were gone and they were no
longer black I just stood up and
recognize that the kingdom of God was
within me I never once thought about my
thing my toenails on the whole trip it
never occurred to me to even worry about
them I am so grateful for Christian
Science it opens up the doors of our
thinking it enables us to accept the
truth as it comes to us it makes it
practical and it heals us